README.md, before:

# Vibe Terminal

Social media post generator with vintage terminal UI.

## Setup

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Create `.env` file (copy from `.env.example`):
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

3. Add your OpenAI API key to `.env`:
```
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-actual-key-here
```

4. Build CSS and run locally:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The app will work without an API key (using mock data), but for AI-generated posts you need a valid OpenAI API key.

For production builds, the CSS is automatically built and minified.

## Features

- **Authentication** - Secure signup/login with JWT tokens (currently in-memory, will use PostgreSQL in production)
- **AI-Powered Posts** - Generate platform-optimized content using OpenAI
- **Multi-Platform** - Support for Twitter/X, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Instagram
- **Topic Methods** - Write your own, get AI suggestions, or use famous quotes
- **ASCII Art** - Vintage terminal-style decorative art
- **Export** - Copy text or download ASCII art

## Current Status

✅ Full authentication flow with JWT
✅ OpenAI integration for post generation
✅ Platform-specific content optimization
⚠️ User data stored in-memory (resets on server restart)
🔜 PostgreSQL database integration coming next

## Deploy to Render

1. Create PostgreSQL database on Render
2. Create Web Service pointing to `https://github.com/xaumre/phosphor-vibe-post`
3. Add environment variables in Render dashboard:
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
   - `JWT_SECRET`
   - `DATABASE_URL` (auto-populated if using Render PostgreSQL)
4. Add build command: `npm install && npm run build:css`
5. Deploy!

Commit message:

Enhance README with detailed project description
Expanded project description to highlight features and capabilities of Vibe Post.

README.md, after:

# Vibe Terminal

Social media post generator with vintage terminal UI.
Feel like you are missing out on the ability to post to social media with your trusty IBM 5250 terminal? Fear not for now you can instantly generate social media posts for Facebook, X (Twitter), LinkedIn and Instagram using Vibe Post - the AI social media generator for vintage machines. Feel completely at home with the familiar interface, yet experience the power of AI behind the scenes as it auto generates vibe posts based on your own inspirational quotes, or if you prefer, quotes generated by AI based on real-time trending topics. Experience the familiar jitter of a CRT terminal while you admire the short form and long form content, complete with hashtags and nostalgic ASCII art generated by the latest Google Gemini-2.5 Flash model. The application automatically adapts the tone of the content for each platform and it's audience - for example professional for LinkedIn, concise for X (Twitter) and friendly for Facebook. Take a quick trip down the glowing phosphors lane with the demo app

## Setup

1. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

2. Create `.env` file (copy from `.env.example`):
```bash
cp .env.example .env
```

3. Add your OpenAI API key to `.env`:
```
OPENAI_API_KEY=sk-your-actual-key-here
```

4. Build CSS and run locally:
```bash
npm run dev
```

The app will work without an API key (using mock data), but for AI-generated posts you need a valid OpenAI API key.

For production builds, the CSS is automatically built and minified.

## Features

- **Authentication** - Secure signup/login with JWT tokens (currently in-memory, will use PostgreSQL in production)
- **AI-Powered Posts** - Generate platform-optimized content using OpenAI
- **Multi-Platform** - Support for Twitter/X, LinkedIn, Facebook, and Instagram
- **Topic Methods** - Write your own, get AI suggestions, or use famous quotes
- **ASCII Art** - Vintage terminal-style decorative art
- **Export** - Copy text or download ASCII art

## Current Status

✅ Full authentication flow with JWT
✅ OpenAI integration for post generation
✅ Platform-specific content optimization
⚠️ User data stored in-memory (resets on server restart)
🔜 PostgreSQL database integration coming next

## Deploy to Render

1. Create PostgreSQL database on Render
2. Create Web Service pointing to `https://github.com/xaumre/phosphor-vibe-post`
3. Add environment variables in Render dashboard:
   - `OPENAI_API_KEY`
   - `JWT_SECRET`
   - `DATABASE_URL` (auto-populated if using Render PostgreSQL)
4. Add build command: `npm install && npm run build:css`
5. Deploy!
